Create a nginx toturial (#608)
clusterlink-net/clusterlink: website/content/en/docs/main/tutorials/nginx/index.md

   kind uses the prefix `kind`, so the name of created clusters will be **kind-client** and **kind-server**.
   {{< /notice >}}

1. Setup `KUBECONFIG` on each terminal to access the cluster:

    *Client cluster*:

    ```sh
    kubectl config use-context kind-client
    cp ~/.kube/config $PWD/config-client
    export KUBECONFIG=$PWD/config-client
    ```

    *Server cluster*:

    ```sh
    kubectl config use-context kind-server
    cp ~/.kube/config $PWD/config-server
    export KUBECONFIG=$PWD/config-server
    ```

{{< notice tip >}}
You can run the tutorial in a single terminal and switch access between the clusters
using `kubectl config use-context kind-client` and `kubectl config use-context kind-server`.
{{< /notice >}}

## Deploy nginx client and server

Setup the ```TEST_FILES``` variable, and install nginx on the server cluster.

*Client cluster*:

```sh
export TEST_FILES=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/clusterlink-net/clusterlink/main/demos/nginx/testdata
```

*Server cluster*:

```sh
export TEST_FILES=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/clusterlink-net/clusterlink/main/demos/nginx/testdata
kubectl apply -f $TEST_FILES/nginx-server.yaml
```

## Deploy ClusterLink

> {{% include "../../../../static/files/tutorials/deploy-clusterlink.md" %}}

Reviewer: ditto - absolute paths throughout.

---

> title: Nginx

Reviewer: As far as I can tell it's nearly always spelled `nginx` - all lower case

description: Running basic connectivity between Nginx server and client across two clusters using ClusterLink.
---

In this tutorial, we'll establish connectivity across clusters using ClusterLink to access a remote Nginx server.

> The tutorial uses two kind clusters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tutorial uses two clusters:
```
Since in the initialize clusters you say that one can also use existing clusters...

1) Client cluster - runs ClusterLink along with a client.
2) Server cluster - runs ClusterLink along with a Nginx server.

## Install ClusterLink CLI

{{% include "../shared/cli-installation.md" %}}

## Initialize clusters

> In this tutorial we set up a local environment using [kind][].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial uses [kind][] as a local Kubernetes environment .
```

>  You can skip this step if you already have access to existing clusters, just be sure to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 If you already have access to existing clusters, you may skip this step. Just be sure to
```

   {{< /notice >}}

1. Setup `KUBECONFIG` on each terminal to access the cluster:

    *Client cluster*:

    ```sh
    kubectl config use-context kind-client
    cp ~/.kube/config $PWD/config-client
    export KUBECONFIG=$PWD/config-client
    ```

    *Server cluster*:

    ```sh
    kubectl config use-context kind-server
    cp ~/.kube/config $PWD/config-server
    export KUBECONFIG=$PWD/config-server
    ```

{{< notice tip >}}
You can run the tutorial in a single terminal and switch access between the clusters
using `kubectl config use-context kind-client` and `kubectl config use-context kind-server`.
{{< /notice >}}

## Deploy nginx client and server

Setup the ```TEST_FILES``` variable, and install nginx on the server cluster.

*Client cluster*:

```sh
export TEST_FILES=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/clusterlink-net/clusterlink/main/demos/nginx/testdata
```

*Server cluster*:

```sh
export TEST_FILES=https://raw.githubusercontent.com/clusterlink-net/clusterlink/main/demos/nginx/testdata
kubectl apply -f $TEST_FILES/nginx-server.yaml
```

## Deploy ClusterLink

{{% include "../shared/deploy-clusterlink.md" %}}

## Enable cross-cluster access

> In this step, we enable connectivity access between the client and server.

Reviewer: you either enable `connectivity` or `access` (but not both) between client and server

 For each step, you have an example demonstrating how to apply the command from a
 file or providing the complete custom resource (CR) associated with the command.

Note that the provided YAML configuration files refer to environment variables
 (defined below) that should be set when running the tutorial. The values are
 replaced in the YAMLs using `envsubst` utility.

{{% expand summary="Installing `envsubst` on macOS" %}}

> In case `envsubst` does not exist, you can install it with:

Reviewer: this section (installing envsubst and MacOS) seems to repeat itself between tutorials. 
Can it be included instead of being replicated?
